Wokflow.md: Add unit usage and fix incorrect figures (#110)
echemdb/svgdigitizer: doc/workflow.md

**1: Select an svg file with a plot to be digitized**

> For this example we use inkscape to digitize some data in plot 2a in the PDF, which is is located on page two of the manuscript (filename containing `_p1`). The plot contains three curves, which can be identified by their colors. Preferably each digitized curve should be placed in a single svg file. Therefore, create a copy of the SVG file of page two (`mustermann_2021_svgdigitizer_1_p1.svg`) and rename it to`mustermann_2021_svgdigitizer_1_p1_f2a_blue.svg`. Here, (`_f2ba`) indicates that the digitized curve is in Fig. 2b  and that the curve is blue ( `_blue`) .  The latter identifier will later also be included in the SVG file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example we use inkscape to digitize some data in plot 2a in the PDF, which is located on page two of the manuscript (filename containing `_p1`). The plot contains three curves, which can be identified by their colors. Preferably each digitized curve should be placed in a single SVG file. Therefore, create a copy of the SVG file of page two (`mustermann_2021_svgdigitizer_1_p1.svg`) and rename it to`mustermann_2021_svgdigitizer_1_p1_f2a_blue.svg`. Here, `_f2a_blue` indicates that the digitized curve is in Fig. 2b  and that the curve is blue .  The identifier will later also be included in the SVG file.
```

 **2: Mark axis positions and labels**

In the SVG file, by marking two positions on each axis, both the units and the scale of the axis will be extracted.

> In the example, the first position on the x-axis will be 0.0 V vs RHE. Add a text label which contains `x1: 0.0 V vs RHE`. Draw a line from connecting the text label and the position on the x-axis. Finally **group** the **line** and the **text label**. 

Author: ```suggestion
In the example, the first position on the x-axis will be 0.0 V vs RHE. Add a text label that contains `x1: 0.0 V vs RHE`. Draw a line connecting the text label and the position on the x-axis. Finally **group** the **line** and the **text label**. 
```

> In the example, the first position on the x-axis will be 0.0 V vs RHE. Add a text label which contains `x1: 0.0 V vs RHE`. Draw a line from connecting the text label and the position on the x-axis. Finally **group** the **line** and the **text label**. 

Reviewer: from connecting?

Repeat this for positions `x2`, `y1` and `y2`.

**Some notes on units and labels:**

* Units should be provided in the [astropy format](https://docs.astropy.org/en/stable/units/index.html). In brief:
  * [Standard units](https://docs.astropy.org/en/stable/units/standard_units.html) simply read: `V`, `A` or `m`

>   * These can be preceeded by common prefixes, i.e., `mV`, `kV` or `uV`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Units can be preceeded by common prefixes, i.e., `mV`, `kV` or `uV`.
```

  * Note that $\mu$ is `u`
  * fractions read as follows (note the spaces between the dashes): `mV / s`, `mA / cm2`

>   * for square, cubic, etc units simply ass `2`, `3`, etc behind the unit (see line above)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * for square, cubic, etc units simply add `2`, `3`, etc. to the unit (see line above)
```

>   * Use brackets if more than one unit is in the numerator or denominator, i.e., `(kg m) / s2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Use parentheses if more than one unit is in the numerator or denominator, i.e., `(kg m) / s2`
```

Brackets are `[]`.

Author: sure 😵‍💫 :)

> * If the reference on the voltage axis is not given in the plot. Extract this information from the manuscript text. Note that the reference scale given in the experimental section can be different to that in the main text of the manuscript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the reference on the voltage axis is not given in the plot, extract this information from the manuscript text. Note that the reference scale given in the experimental section can be different to that in the main text of the manuscript.
```

> * `svgdigitizer` only considers units in the labels in positions`x2` and `y2`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `svgdigitizer` only considers units in the labels for positions`x2` and `y2`. 
```

![inkscape_x1_label](files/images/inkscape_x1_label.png)

> When all axes have been marked the plot looks like the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When all axes have been marked, the plot looks like the following:
```

   ![inkscape_smoothed_path](files/images/inkscape_smoothed_path.png)

2. Add a text field next and name it `curve: identifier`, which in our case would be `curve: blue`.

3. Group the text field and the curve.

![inkscape_smoothed_path_curve](files/images/inkscape_smoothed_path_curve.png)

> 7. Add a text field to the plot containing the scan rate, with which the data was acquired. This value is not necessarily given in the plot or figure description and might have to be extracted from the text of the manuscript. Here `scan rate: 50 mV / s`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Add a text field to the plot containing the scan rate with which the data was acquired. This value is not necessarily given in the plot or figure description and might have to be extracted from the text of the manuscript. Here, `scan rate: 50 mV / s`.
```

> 8. Feel free to add a comment (full sentence) to the plot, which will later be included in the metadata file and will be printed on the website. For example, `comment: The curve is a bit noisy.` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Feel free to add a comment to the plot. This comment will later be included in the metadata file and will be shown on the website. Use a full sentence, for example, `comment: The curve is a bit noisy.` 
```

7. Add a text field highlighting any additional measurements which were acquired simultaneously with the digitized curve and are shown in the same figure. In the example, the bottom plot shows DEMS data. This can be indicated by `linked: DEMS`. The field can contain multiple types of measurements if applicable. Also use acronyms commonly used in the community.

The final file should look like this:

![inkscape_final](files/images/inkscape_final.png)

## Step 4: Create a metadata file for each digitized curve

> Create a YAML file with the same name than the SVG file: `mustermann_2021_svgdigitizer_1_p0_f2b_blue.yaml`
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a YAML file with the same name as the SVG file: `mustermann_2021_svgdigitizer_1_p0_f2b_blue.yaml`
```
